hello we're back let's enter more
questions look at CC questions guys and
I am 14 years old hey i'm katya and
guess what i'm 14 2 and montclair new
jersey and we wanted to know what all
three of your most embarrassing moments
are Joe baracy moments all right I think
it's time I talk about it guys what do
you say I think it is my most
embarrassing moment happened last year
at an awards show we had this amazing
intro plan I was so excited a glass
panel would break and we would walk
through with a special veal I learned
that day that I'm not very good at
walking
luckily we have the fans that are so
lovable are you bothered me that guys
thank you I'm 16 from England Kevin Nick
and Joe what is the craziest dream
you've ever had at one time I had this
dream that I was at the teen choice
awards and I had the ability to fly all
right but here's the weird part my
flying was powered by the screams of
teenage girls after the rod maybe we
should try it out you guys
Oh
this is so crazy how's this working this
feels so normal give us more the south
this feels so 20
here are three of the most talented
teens around Miranda